Support empty url path in HTTP client probe (#810)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

- Change HTTP client span name to `{http.request.method}` ([#775](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation/pull/775))

> - Support empty url path in HTTP client probe ([#810](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation/pull/810))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Don't set empty URL path in HTTP client probe. ([#810](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation/pull/810))
- Don't fail HTTP client probe attribute resolution on empty URL path. ([#810](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation/pull/810))
```
